Add schema proposals (#643)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/delivery/schema-proposals/implementation.mdx

For those implementing the changes, [pulling the approved schema changes](#pull-proposed-schemas-with-rover) into their IDE is a great starting point.
The approved schema changes serve as a guide for resolvers and any other supporting code that needs to be implemented.

Once the changes are implemented, you can use schema checks to ensure your organization only [publishes changes approved through a proposal](#validate-changes-with-checks).

## Pull proposed schemas with Rover

The [`rover subgraph fetch` command](/rover/commands/subgraphs/#subgraph-fetch) can pull subgraph schemas from variants and proposals. To pull a subgraph schema from a proposal, use the proposal's ID instead of a variant name:

```bash showLineNumbers=false
rover subgraph fetch my-graph@p-101 --name subgraph
```

A proposal's ID is always prefixed with `p-` and followed by a number. You can find the proposal ID in the proposal's URL in [GraphOS Studio](https://studio.apollographql.com?referrer=docs-content). For example, a proposal with the following URL has an ID of `p-101`.

`https://studio.apollographql.com/graph/Example-supergraph/proposal/p-101/home`

<Note>

> You can't push schema changes to proposals with the `rover subgraph publish` command.

Reviewer: @papollosc curious if we would want to note that this is "upcoming"?

Author: My two cents: it's best to avoid [preannouncing features through the docs](https://developers.google.com/style/future), though if it's imminent (i.e. in a week or two) I think it's ok to bend that rule.

Reviewer: that sounds wise 🙏

GraphOS provides [schema checks](../schema-checks) to help you identify breaking changes. You [run checks on local changes](../schema-checks#the-checks-lifecycle) before publishing them.

Since schema checks [run automatically on every revision](./creation#schema-checks) in a proposal, if your last revision's checks pass, any changes you implement locally from a proposal should pass too.
Regardless, it's best to run checks before publishing changes to make sure errors haven't crept in.

### Ensure changes match an approved proposal

You can [configure schema checks](./configuration/#configure-schema-checks) that run in GraphOS to include a **Proposals** task. Proposal checks verify that the changes a check is running on have matching and approved schema proposals.

<img
  src="../../img/schema-proposals/proposal-check-settings.jpg"
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Proposal check settings in GraphOS Studio"
/>

Configuring the **Proposals** task's severity to **Error** ensures that only changes approved through the proposal process can be published. By setting the severity to **Warning** you can publish changes that haven't been approved and receive warnings about them.

<Note>

> The Proposals task also checks _comments_ in the SDL. For example, the Proposals task fails if a matching approved proposal includes a comment with a period and the change the check is running on doesn't.

Reviewer: checked with the team and we should be checking "descriptions" (things in quotes)  but not "comments" (things after `#`) 🙏 
```suggestion
The Proposals task also checks _descriptions_ in the SDL. For example, the Proposals task fails if a matching approved proposal includes a description with a period and the change the check is running on doesn't.
```
